here's three hip abilities that make
life much easier number one W sit
without your knees literally exploding
and two deep squat with your hamstrings
fully covering your calves and lastly
the ability to fully place your palms on
the ground I genuinely used to think
skills like the W sit were actually
impossible for my body but that was just
because I wasn't training it and
exercises like this just you know aren't
very sexy and before somebody says it
none of these skills are up to genetics
because in high school I couldn't even
hold a deep squat flexibility is like
any other skill the more time you put
into it the better you get stay flexy